:order: 64
:type: center

.. _X(64):

X(64) = ISOGONAL CONJUGATE OF X(20)
===================================

**Trilinears**

:math:`1/(cos A - cos B cos C) : 1/(cos B - cos C cos A) : 1/(cos C - cos A cos B)`

**Barycentrics**

:math:`a/(cos A - cos B cos C) : b/(cos B - cos C cos A) : c/(cos C - cos A cos B)`

:math:`a^2/[3a^4 - 2a^2(b^2 + c^2) - (b^2 - c^2)^2] : : A construction of :ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` appears in Lemoine's 1886 paper cited at :ref:`X(19) <X(19)>`. Let A'B'C' be the half-altitude triangle. Let La be the trilinear polar of A', and define Lb and Lc cyclically. Let A&Prime; = Lb&cap;Lc, and define B&Prime; and C&Prime; cyclically. The lines AA&Prime;, BB&Prime;, CC&Prime; concur in :ref:`X(64) <X(64)>`. (Randy Hutson, November 18, 2015) Let Oa be the circle with segment BC as diameter. Let A' be the perspector of Oa. Let La be the polar of A' wrt Oa. Define Lb and Lc cyclically. Let A&Prime; = Lb&cap;Lc, B&Prime; = Lc&cap;La, C&Prime; = La&cap;Lb. The lines AA&Prime;, BB&Prime;, CC&Prime; concur in :ref:`X(64) <X(64)>`. (Randy Hutson, November 18, 2015) Let A'B'C' be the cevian triangle of :ref:`X(69) <X(69)>`. Let A&Prime; be the orthocenter of AB'C', and define B&Prime; and C&Prime; cyclically. The lines AA&Prime;, BB&Prime;, CC&Prime; concur in :ref:`X(64) <X(64)>`. (Randy Hutson, November 18, 2015) Let A'B'C' be the reflection of the orthic triangle in :ref:`X(4) <X(4)>`. Let A''B''C'' be the trangential triangle, with respect ot the orthic triangle, of the circumconic of the orthic triangle with center :ref:`X(4) <X(4)>`; i.e., the bicevian conic of :ref:`X(4) <X(4)>` and :ref:`X(459) <X(459)>`. Then :ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` is the perspector of A'B'C' and A''B''C''. (Randy Hutson, November 18, 2015) The tangents at A, B, C to the Darboux cubic K004 concur in :ref:`X(64) <X(64)>`. (Randy Hutson, November 18, 2015) :ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` lies on the Darboux cubic and these lines: 1,3182 3,154 4,3183 6,185 20,69 24,74 30,68 33,65 40,72 54,378 55,73 71,198 84,3353 265,382 3345,3472 3346,3355 :ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = reflection of :ref:`X(1498) <X(1498)>` in :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>``

**Notes**

A construction of :ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` appears in Lemoine's 1886 paper cited at :ref:`X(19) <X(19)>`.

Let A'B'C' be the half-altitude triangle. Let La be the :term:`trilinear polar <trilinear polar>` of A', and define Lb and Lc cyclically. Let A&Prime; = Lb&cap;Lc, and define B&Prime; and C&Prime; cyclically. The lines AA&Prime;, BB&Prime;, CC&Prime; concur in :ref:`X(64) <X(64)>`. (Randy Hutson, November 18, 2015)

Let Oa be the circle with segment BC as diameter. Let A' be the perspector of Oa. Let La be the :term:`polar <polar>` of A' wrt Oa. Define Lb and Lc cyclically. Let A&Prime; = Lb&cap;Lc, B&Prime; = Lc&cap;La, C&Prime; = La&cap;Lb. The lines AA&Prime;, BB&Prime;, CC&Prime; concur in :ref:`X(64) <X(64)>`. (Randy Hutson, November 18, 2015)

Let A'B'C' be the :term:`cevian triangle <cevian triangle>` of :ref:`X(69) <X(69)>`. Let A&Prime; be the orthocenter of AB'C', and define B&Prime; and C&Prime; cyclically. The lines AA&Prime;, BB&Prime;, CC&Prime; concur in :ref:`X(64) <X(64)>`. (Randy Hutson, November 18, 2015)

Let A'B'C' be the reflection of the orthic triangle in :ref:`X(4) <X(4)>`. Let A''B''C'' be the trangential triangle, with respect ot the orthic triangle, of the circumconic of the orthic triangle with :term:`center <center>` :ref:`X(4) <X(4)>`; i.e., the bicevian conic of :ref:`X(4) <X(4)>` and :ref:`X(459) <X(459)>`. Then :ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` is the perspector of A'B'C' and A''B''C''. (Randy Hutson, November 18, 2015)

The tangents at A, B, C to the Darboux :term:`cubic <cubic>` K004 concur in :ref:`X(64) <X(64)>`. (Randy Hutson, November 18, 2015)

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` lies on the Darboux :term:`cubic <cubic>` and these lines: 1,3182 3,154 4,3183 6,185 20,69 24,74 30,68 33,65 40,72 54,378 55,73 71,198 84,3353 265,382 3345,3472 3346,3355



:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = reflection of :ref:`X(1498) <X(1498)>` in :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>` 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = :term:`isogonal conjugate <isogonal conjugate>` of :ref:`X(20) <X(20)>` 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = :term:`isotomic conjugate <isotomic conjugate>` of :ref:`X(14615) <X(14615)>` 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = :term:`complement <complement>` of :ref:`X(6225) <X(6225)>` 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = :term:`anticomplement <anticomplement>` of :ref:`X(2883) <X(2883)>` 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = circumcircle-inverse of :ref:`X(11589) <X(11589)>` 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = :ref:`X(25) <X(25)>`-:term:`cross conjugate <cross conjugate>` of :ref:`X(6) <X(6)>` 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = :ref:`X(1) <X(1)>`-:term:`beth conjugate <beth conjugate>` of :ref:`X(207) <X(207)>` 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = :term:`crosspoint <crosspoint>` of :ref:`X(4) <X(4)>` and :ref:`X(3346) <X(3346)>` 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = :term:`crosssum <crosssum>` of :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>` and :ref:`X(1498) <X(1498)>` 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = perspector of hexyl triangle and :term:`anticevian triangle <anticevian triangle>` of :ref:`X(2184) <X(2184)>` 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = :term:`trilinear pole <trilinear pole>` of :term:`line <line>` :ref:`X(647) <X(647)>`:ref:`X(657) <X(657)>` 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = concurrence of normals to MacBeath circumconic at A, B, C 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = :term:`isogonal conjugate <isogonal conjugate>`, wrt tangential triangle of MacBeath circumconic (or :term:`anticevian triangle <anticevian triangle>` of :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>`), of :ref:`X(1498) <X(1498)>` 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = orthocenter of x(3):ref:`X(6) <X(6)>`:ref:`X(2435) <X(2435)>` 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = orthology :term:`center <center>` of ABC and half-altitude triangle 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = intersection of tangents at :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>` and :ref:`X(4) <X(4)>` to Thomson :term:`cubic <cubic>` K002 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = intersection of tangents at :ref:`X(20) <X(20)>` and :ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` to Darboux :term:`cubic <cubic>` K004 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = perspector of ABC and the reflection in :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>` of the antipedal triangle of :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>` (tangential triangle) 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = perspector of ABC and circumcircle antipode of circumanticevian triangle of :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>` 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = perspector of ABC and :term:`unary cofactor triangle <unary cofactor triangle>` of half-altitude triangle 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = :ref:`X(2136) <X(2136)>`-of-orthic-triangle if ABC is acute 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = :ref:`X(8905) <X(8905)>`-of-excentral-triangle 

:ref:`X(64) <X(64)>` = :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>`-:term:`vertex conjugate <vertex conjugate>` of :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>`

