:order: 95
:type: center

.. _X(95):

X(95) = X(95)  CEVAPOINT OF CENTROID AND CIRCUMCENTER
=====================================================

**Trilinears**

:math:`b2c2sec(B - C) : : Let A'B'C' be the symmedial triangle. Let La be the reflection of line B'C' in line BC, and define Lb and Lc cyclically. Let A&Prime; = Lb&cap;Lc, and define B&Prime; and C&Prime; cyclically. The lines AA&Prime;, BB&Prime;, CC&Prime; concur in :ref:`X(95) <X(95)>`. (Randy Hutson, August 19, 2015) Let A' be the intersection, other than A, of the circumcircle and the branch of the Lucas cubic that contains A, and define B' and C' cyclically. The triangle A'B'C' is here introduced as the Lucas triangle (not to be confused with the Lucas central triangle). The vertices A', B', C' lie on the rectangular hyperbola {:ref:`X(2) <X(2)>`,:ref:`X(20) <X(20)>`,:ref:`X(54) <X(54)>`,:ref:`X(69) <X(69)>`,:ref:`X(110) <X(110)>`,:ref:`X(2574) <X(2574)>`,:ref:`X(2575) <X(2575)>`,:ref:`X(2979) <X(2979)>`}}. (See https://bernard-gibert.pagesperso-orange.fr/Exemples/k007.html.) Also, :ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` is the trilinear product of the vertices of the Lucas triangle. (Randy Hutson, August 19, 2015) :ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` lies on these lines: 2,97 3,264 54,69 76,96 99,311 140,340 141,287 160,327 183,305 216,648 307,320 :ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` = isogonal conjugate of :ref:`X(51) <X(51)>``

**Notes**

Let A'B'C' be the symmedial triangle. Let La be the reflection of :term:`line <line>` B'C' in :term:`line <line>` BC, and define Lb and Lc cyclically. Let A&Prime; = Lb&cap;Lc, and define B&Prime; and C&Prime; cyclically. The lines AA&Prime;, BB&Prime;, CC&Prime; concur in :ref:`X(95) <X(95)>`. (Randy Hutson, August 19, 2015)

Let A' be the intersection, other than A, of the circumcircle and the branch of the Lucas :term:`cubic <cubic>` that contains A, and define B' and C' cyclically. The triangle A'B'C' is here introduced as the Lucas triangle (not to be confused with the Lucas :term:`central triangle <central triangle>`). The vertices A', B', C' lie on the rectangular hyperbola {:ref:`X(2) <X(2)>`,:ref:`X(20) <X(20)>`,:ref:`X(54) <X(54)>`,:ref:`X(69) <X(69)>`,:ref:`X(110) <X(110)>`,:ref:`X(2574) <X(2574)>`,:ref:`X(2575) <X(2575)>`,:ref:`X(2979) <X(2979)>`}}. (See https://bernard-gibert.pagesperso-orange.fr/Exemples/k007.html.) Also, :ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` is the trilinear product of the vertices of the Lucas triangle. (Randy Hutson, August 19, 2015)

:ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` lies on these lines: 2,97 3,264 54,69 76,96 99,311 140,340 141,287 160,327 183,305 216,648 307,320



:ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` = :term:`isogonal conjugate <isogonal conjugate>` of :ref:`X(51) <X(51)>` 

:ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` = :term:`isotomic conjugate <isotomic conjugate>` of :ref:`X(5) <X(5)>` 

:ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` = :term:`anticomplement <anticomplement>` of :ref:`X(233) <X(233)>` 

:ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` = :ref:`X(276) <X(276)>`-:term:`Ceva conjugate <Ceva conjugate>` of :ref:`X(275) <X(275)>` 

:ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` = :term:`cevapoint <cevapoint>` of X(i) and X(j) for these (i,j): (2,3), (6,160), (54,97) 

:ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` = X(i)-:term:`cross conjugate <cross conjugate>` of X(j) for these (i,j): (2,276), (3,97), (54,275), (140,2), (340,1494) 

:ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` = intersection of tangents at :ref:`X(2) <X(2)>` and :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>` to bianticevian conic of :ref:`X(2) <X(2)>` and :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>` 

:ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` = :term:`crosspoint <crosspoint>` of :ref:`X(2) <X(2)>` and :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>` wrt both the :term:`anticomplementary triangle <anticomplementary triangle>` and :term:`anticevian triangle <anticevian triangle>` of :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>` 

:ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` = :term:`trilinear pole <trilinear pole>` of :term:`line <line>` :ref:`X(323) <X(323)>`:ref:`X(401) <X(401)>` (:term:`polar <polar>` of :ref:`X(53) <X(53)>` wrt :term:`polar <polar>` circle, and :term:`polar <polar>` of :ref:`X(69) <X(69)>` wrt de Longchamps circle) 

:ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` = pole wrt :term:`polar <polar>` circle of :term:`trilinear polar <trilinear polar>` of :ref:`X(53) <X(53)>` 

:ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` = :ref:`X(48) <X(48)>`-:term:`isoconjugate <isoconjugate>` (:term:`polar <polar>` conjugate) of :ref:`X(53) <X(53)>` 

:ref:`X(95) <X(95)>` = :ref:`X(92) <X(92)>`-:term:`isoconjugate <isoconjugate>` of :ref:`X(217) <X(217)>`

