:order: 96
:type: center

.. _X(96):

X(96) = ISOGONAL CONJUGATE OF X(52)
===================================

**Trilinears**

:math:`sec 2A sec(B - C) : sec 2B sec(C - A) : sec 2C sec(A - B)`

**Barycentrics**

:math:`a sec 2A sec(B - C) : b sec 2B sec(C - A) : c sec 2C sec(A - B) Let A'B'C' be the reflection triangle. Let BA and CA be the orthogonal projections of B' and C' on line BC, resp. Let (OA) be the circle with segment BACA as diameter. Define (OB) and (OC) cyclically. :ref:`X(96) <X(96)>` is the radical center of circles (OA), (OB), (OC). (Randy Hutson, June 7, 2019) :ref:`X(96) <X(96)>` lies on these lines: 2,54 4,231 24,847 76,95 94,925 :ref:`X(96) <X(96)>` = isogonal conjugate of :ref:`X(52) <X(52)>``

**Notes**

Let A'B'C' be the reflection triangle. Let BA and CA be the orthogonal projections of B' and C' on :term:`line <line>` BC, resp. Let (OA) be the circle with segment BACA as diameter. Define (OB) and (OC) cyclically. :ref:`X(96) <X(96)>` is the radical :term:`center <center>` of circles (OA), (OB), (OC). (Randy Hutson, June 7, 2019)

:ref:`X(96) <X(96)>` lies on these lines: 2,54 4,231 24,847 76,95 94,925



:ref:`X(96) <X(96)>` = :term:`isogonal conjugate <isogonal conjugate>` of :ref:`X(52) <X(52)>` 

:ref:`X(96) <X(96)>` = :term:`isotomic conjugate <isotomic conjugate>` of :ref:`X(39113) <X(39113)>` 

:ref:`X(96) <X(96)>` = :term:`anticomplement <anticomplement>` of :ref:`X(34835) <X(34835)>` 

:ref:`X(96) <X(96)>` = :term:`cevapoint <cevapoint>` of :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>` and :ref:`X(68) <X(68)>` 

:ref:`X(96) <X(96)>` = :ref:`X(3) <X(3)>`-:term:`cross conjugate <cross conjugate>` of :ref:`X(54) <X(54)>` 

:ref:`X(96) <X(96)>` = :term:`polar <polar>` conjugate of :ref:`X(467) <X(467)>` 

:ref:`X(96) <X(96)>` = Cundy-Parry Phi transform of :ref:`X(5392) <X(5392)>` 

:ref:`X(96) <X(96)>` = Cundy-Parry Psi transform of :ref:`X(571) <X(571)>`

