:order: 84
:type: center

.. _X(84):

X(84) = ISOGONAL CONJUGATE OF X(40)
===================================

**Trilinears**

:math:`1/(cos B + cos C - cos A - 1) : :`

:math:`a^2[a^2 - (b - c)^2]^2 - (b - c)^2[a^2 - (b + c)^2]^2 : :`

**Notes**

Let A',B',C' be the excenters. The perpendiculars from B' to AB and from C' to AC meet in a :term:`point <point>` A&Prime;. Points B&Prime; and C&Prime; are determined cyclically. The hexyl triangle, A&Prime;B&Prime;C&Prime;, is :term:`perspective <perspective>` to ABC, and :ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` is the perspector.

Let A'B'C' be the extouch triangle. Let A&Prime; be the orthocenter of AB'C', and define B&Prime; and C&Prime; cyclically. The lines AA&Prime;, BB&Prime;, CC&Prime; concur in :ref:`X(84) <X(84)>`. (Randy Hutson, September 14, 2016)

Let A1B1C1 be the 1st Conway triangle. Let A' be the :term:`crosspoint <crosspoint>` of B1 and C1, and define B' and C' cyclically. The lines AA', BB', CC' concur in :ref:`X(84) <X(84)>`. (Randy Hutson, December 2, 2017)

See Dasari Naga Vijay Krishna, On a Conic Through Twelve Notable Points, Int. J. Adv. Math. and Mech. 7(2) (2019) 1-15.

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` lies on the Darboux :term:`cubic <cubic>`, the circumellipse with :term:`center <center>` :ref:`X(9) <X(9)>`, and these lines: 1,221 3,9 4,57 7,946 8,20 21,285 33,603 36,90 46,80 58,990 64,3353 171,989 256,988 294,580 309,314 581,941 944,1000 2130,3345 3346,3472 3347,3355



:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = reflection of X(i) in X(j) for these (i,j): (40,1158), (1490,3) 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = :term:`isogonal conjugate <isogonal conjugate>` of :ref:`X(40) <X(40)>` 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = :term:`isotomic conjugate <isotomic conjugate>` of :ref:`X(322) <X(322)>` 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = X(i)-:term:`Ceva conjugate <Ceva conjugate>` of X(j) for these (i,j): (189,282), (280,1) 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = X(i)-:term:`cross conjugate <cross conjugate>` of X(j) for these (i,j): (19,57), (56,1) 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = :ref:`X(280) <X(280)>`-:term:`aleph conjugate <aleph conjugate>` of :ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = X(i)-:term:`beth conjugate <beth conjugate>` of X(j) for these (i,j): (271,3), (280,280), (285,84) 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = :ref:`X(68) <X(68)>`-of-the-hexyl-triangle 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = :term:`trilinear pole <trilinear pole>` of :term:`line <line>` :ref:`X(650) <X(650)>`:ref:`X(1459) <X(1459)>` 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = perspector of ABC and the reflection in :ref:`X(9) <X(9)>` of the antipedal triangle of :ref:`X(9) <X(9)>` 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = Danneels :term:`point <point>` of :ref:`X(110) <X(110)>` 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = trilinear product of vertices of hexyl triangle (i.e., the extraversions of :ref:`X(40) <X(40)>`) 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = hexyl-:term:`isotomic conjugate <isotomic conjugate>` of :ref:`X(12717) <X(12717)>` 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = orthologic :term:`center <center>` of hexyl triangle to inverse(n(hexyl triangle)); the reciprocal orthologic :term:`center <center>` is :ref:`X(65) <X(65)>` 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = perspector of ABC and cross-triangle of extouch and Hutson-extouch triangles 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = Cundy-Parry Phi transform of :ref:`X(9) <X(9)>` 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = Cundy-Parry Psi transform of :ref:`X(57) <X(57)>` 

:ref:`X(84) <X(84)>` = intouch-to-excentral :term:`similarity image <similarity image>` of :ref:`X(4) <X(4)>`

